Notebook Examples for DP + GE: expect_column_value_confidence (#622)
capitalone/DataProfiler: examples/dataprofiler_expectations/README.md

## Data Profiler + Great Expectation
[Great Expectations](https://greatexpectations.io/) is an open source tool built around the idea that should always know what to expect from your data. It helps data teams eliminate pipeline debt, through data testing, documentation, and profiling.

See a full list of Data Profiler Expectations available through Great Expectations on the [package page](https://greatexpectations.io/packages/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations). 
### Local Setup
1. Navigate to the GE examples directory: `cd examples/great_expectations/`
2. Initialize your virtual environment: `python3 -m venv venv`
3. Activate the virtual environment: `source venv/bin/activate`
4. Download and install Capital One's DataProfiler Expectations
   1. Clone the great expectations: `git clone https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations.git`
   2. Add `py_modules=[]` to `great_expectations/contrib/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations/setup.py` under `setuptools.setup`

>    3. Install the package to virtual environment: `pip install -e  great_expectations/contrib/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations`

Reviewer: Could we do a pip install pointing to the repo instead of cloning it?

Reviewer: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13566200/how-can-i-install-from-a-git-subdirectory-with-pip

Reviewer 2: Would have to validate if this works for custom expectations.... 

I think the below command will work if we update the [`setup.py` in `capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations`](https://github.com/pypa/setuptools/issues/3197#issuecomment-1078770109) on the GE side of the house: 
```
pip install git+https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations.git@develop#subdirectory=contrib/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations/
```

Reviewer 2: Would have to validate if this works for custom expectations.... 

I think the below command will work if we update the [`setup.py` in `capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations`](https://github.com/pypa/setuptools/issues/3197#issuecomment-1078770109) on the GE side of the house: 
```
pip install git+https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations.git@develop#subdirectory=contrib/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations/
```

Author: I updated the readme per the suggestion and everything installed correctly, the example ran successfully.

## Data Profiler + Great Expectation
[Great Expectations](https://greatexpectations.io/) is an open source tool built around the idea that should always know what to expect from your data. It helps data teams eliminate pipeline debt, through data testing, documentation, and profiling.

### What is an Expectation

> An expectation is a functional data quality assertions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An expectation is a functional data quality assertion. 
```

They can be very simple rules, such as expecting a numerical datapoint to be less than a specified value. 

> Alternatively, Expectations can be quite complex, such as expecting that data metrics on a more recent set of data doesn't deviate more than a specified percent from the original dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, expectations can be quite complex: expecting data metrics on a more recent set of data to not deviate more than a specified amount from the original dataset.
```

## Data Profiler + Great Expectation
[Great Expectations](https://greatexpectations.io/) is an open source tool built around the idea that should always know what to expect from your data. It helps data teams eliminate pipeline debt, through data testing, documentation, and profiling.

### What is an Expectation
An Expectation is a declarative statement that a computer can evaluate, and that is semantically meaningful to humans, like expect_column_values_to_be_unique or expect_column_mean_to_be_between. 
Expectations are implemented as classes that provide a rich interface to the rest of the library to support validation, profiling, and translation. 
Some Expectations are implemented in the core library. 
Many others are contributed by the community of data practitioners that bring their domain knowledge and share it as Expectations.

See a full list of Data Profiler Expectations available through Great Expectations on the [package page](https://greatexpectations.io/packages/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations). 
If you are interested in learning more about expectations, here is a link to the [docs](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations).

> ### Local Setup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are interested in learning more about expectations, here is a link to the [docs](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations).

### Local Setup
```

> ### Local Setup

Reviewer: do we think this could be easier or cleaner to read if it was a code block instead?
e.g. all the code lines via the terminal?

Reviewer 2: oh yeah a code snippet with small comments may read better @micdavis

1. Navigate to the GE examples directory: `cd examples/dataprofiler_expectations/`

> 2. Initialize your virtual environment: `python3 -m venv venv`

Reviewer: do we need to update the gitignore for this?
e.g. something like `**/venv/**`?

Reviewer 2: +1

3. Activate the virtual environment: `source venv/bin/activate`
4. Install Capital One's DataProfiler Expectations: `pip install git+https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations.git@develop#subdirectory=contrib/capitalone_dataprofiler_expectations/`

> 5. Run `great_expectations init`

Reviewer 2: much cleaner! 🚀
